add deprecation notice (#1448)
arangodb/docs: 3.11/appendix-deprecated.md

  The metrics API provides a lot more information than the statistics API, so
  it is much more useful.

- **Database target version REST API**:

>   The endpoint `/_admin/database/target-version` is deprecated in favor of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `GET /_admin/database/target-version` endpoint is deprecated in favor of the
```

>   more general version API under `/_admin/version`. The endpoint may be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  more general version API with the endpoint `GET /_api/version`. The endpoint may be
```
